Vehicle 1 goes straight through an intersection. Vehicle 2 approaches from the perpendicular road to the right of Vehicle 1’s approach and turns right onto Vehicle 1’s exit road. Vehicle 3 approaches from the opposite direction of Vehicle 1 and turns left. Vehicle 4 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts behind Vehicle 1 in an adjacent lane. Vehicle 4 changes lanes into Vehicle 1’s lane on the exit road. A diagonal line of 5 cones starts at the right edge of Vehicle 1’s lane and ends at the left edge after the merge region.
Vehicle 1 goes straight through an intersection. Vehicle 2 is oncoming relative to Vehicle 1 and goes straight through the same intersection. Vehicle 3 approaches from the perpendicular road to the right of Vehicle 1’s approach and turns right onto Vehicle 1’s exit road. Vehicle 4 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts behind Vehicle 1. A parked vehicle partially blocks the right edge of Vehicle 1’s lane on the exit road. A pedestrian crosses perpendicularly from the right edge to the left edge of the exit road.
Vehicle 1 goes straight through an intersection. Vehicle 2 approaches from the opposite direction of Vehicle 1 and turns left across Vehicle 1’s path. Vehicle 3 approaches from the perpendicular road to the right of Vehicle 1’s approach and turns right onto Vehicle 1’s exit road. Vehicle 4 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts behind Vehicle 1 in an adjacent lane. Vehicle 4 changes lanes into Vehicle 1’s lane after the intersection. A bicyclist travels in the center of Vehicle 1’s lane on the exit road.
Vehicle 1 goes straight through an intersection. Vehicle 2 approaches from the perpendicular road to the right of Vehicle 1’s approach and turns right onto Vehicle 1’s exit road. Vehicle 3 turns left onto Vehicle 1’s exit road. Vehicle 4 is oncoming relative to Vehicle 1 and goes straight through the intersection. On Vehicle 1's exit road, cones are arranged across the lane width leaving only the left edge passable, followed by a parked truck partially blocking the right edge.
Vehicle 1 goes straight through an intersection. Vehicle 2 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts behind Vehicle 1. Vehicle 3 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts behind Vehicle 2. Vehicle 4 approaches from the perpendicular road to the right of Vehicle 1’s approach and turns right onto Vehicle 1’s exit road. Vehicle 5 approaches from the opposite direction of Vehicle 1 and turns left. After the merge region, a couple of cones occupies the center of Vehicle 1’s lane, and a pedestrian crosses perpendicularly across the exit road, starting from the side of the road.
Vehicle 1 is traveling straight along a two-lane road segment (two lanes in Vehicle 1’s direction). 20 meters into the lane, A diagonal line of 6 cones partially blocks Vehicle 1’s lane: the first cone starts near the right edge of Vehicle 1’s lane and the last cone ends near the center of the lane, leaving the left half of the lane passable. Thirty meters after the last cone, a parked car partially blocks the left edge of Vehicle 1’s lane. Vehicle 2 is traveling straight in the opposite direction (oncoming relative to Vehicle 1). Vehicle 3 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts behind Vehicle 1 in the adjacent lane; Vehicle 3 changes lanes into Vehicle 1’s lane in the open segment between the cones and the parked car.
Vehicle 1 goes straight through an intersection. Vehicle 2 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts in front of Vehicle 1 in the same lane on Vehicle 1’s approach road. Vehicle 3 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts between Vehicle 1 and Vehicle 2 in the adjacent lane. On Vehicle 1’s exit road, first there are 3 cones near the center of Vehicle 1’s lane, and then farther down the exit road a pedestrian crosses perpendicularly from the right edge to the left edge of the road.
Vehicle 1 goes straight through an intersection. Vehicle 2 approaches from the opposite direction of Vehicle 1 and turns left across Vehicle 1’s path. Vehicle 3 approaches from the perpendicular road to the right of Vehicle 1’s approach and turns right onto Vehicle 1’s exit road. On Vehicle 1’s exit road, a bicyclist travels in the center of Vehicle 1’s lane in the same direction as Vehicle 1, starting shortly after the intersection.
Vehicle 1 goes straight through an intersection. Vehicle 2 approaches from the perpendicular road to the right of Vehicle 1’s approach and turns right onto Vehicle 1’s exit road. Vehicle 3 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts behind Vehicle 1 in the adjacent lane; Vehicle 3 changes lanes into Vehicle 1’s lane on the exit road. On the exit road, a parked truck partially blocks the right edge of Vehicle 1’s lane near the merge region. After the parked truck, a pedestrian crosses perpendicularly from the left edge to the right edge of the exit road.
Vehicle 1 goes straight through an intersection. Vehicle 2 approaches from the perpendicular road to the left of Vehicle 1’s approach and turns left onto Vehicle 1’s exit road. Vehicle 3 approaches from the perpendicular road to the right of Vehicle 1’s approach and turns right onto Vehicle 1’s exit road. Vehicle 4 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts behind Vehicle 1 in an adjacent lane; Vehicle 4 changes lanes into Vehicle 1’s lane after the intersection. On Vehicle 1’s exit road, cones partially block the lane width so that only a narrow strip near the left edge remains passable.
Vehicle 1 approaches an intersection and turns right. After Vehicle 1 completes the right turn onto its exit road, a pedestrian crosses diagonally across Vehicle 1’s lane: the pedestrian starts from the right edge of the road and moves toward the left edge while also moving forward along the exit road direction. Vehicle 2 approaches from the perpendicular road to the right of Vehicle 1’s original approach and goes straight through the intersection. Vehicle 3 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 on Vehicle 1’s exit road and starts behind Vehicle 1 in the adjacent lane.
Vehicle 1 goes straight through an intersection. Vehicle 2 is oncoming relative to Vehicle 1 and goes straight through the same intersection. Vehicle 3 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts behind Vehicle 1. Vehicle 4 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts behind Vehicle 3 in the same lane. On Vehicle 1’s exit road, a parked vehicle partially blocks the right edge of the lane, and farther down the exit road two cones are placed near the center of the lane.
Vehicle 1 goes straight through an intersection. Vehicle 2 approaches from the perpendicular road to the right of Vehicle 1’s approach and turns right onto Vehicle 1’s exit road. Vehicle 3 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts behind Vehicle 1 in an adjacent lane; Vehicle 3 changes lanes into Vehicle 1’s lane on the exit road. Near the merge region on the exit road, a parked car partially blocks the right edge of Vehicle 1’s lane. A bicyclist travels in the adjacent lane on the exit road in the same direction as Vehicle 1, starting shortly after the intersection.
Vehicle 1 is traveling straight in the right hand lane of a 4 lane road. A sequence of 6 cones forms a mild chicane within Vehicle 1’s lane: cones alternate between being near the right edge and near the left edge, but always leave at least half the lane width passable. Vehicle 2 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts behind Vehicle 1 in the adjacent lane; Vehicle 2 changes lanes into Vehicle 1’s lane after the last cone. Vehicle 3 is traveling straight in the opposite direction (oncoming relative to Vehicle 1).
Vehicle 1 goes straight through an intersection. Vehicle 2 approaches from the perpendicular road to the right of Vehicle 1’s approach and turns right onto Vehicle 1’s exit road. Vehicle 3 approaches from the opposite direction of Vehicle 1 and turns left onto Vehicle 1’s exit road. Vehicle 4 is traveling in the same direction as Vehicle 1 and starts behind Vehicle 1 in an adjacent lane; Vehicle 4 changes lanes into Vehicle 1’s lane on the exit road. On the exit road, first a parked vehicle partially blocks the right edge near the merge region. Twenty meters later, a diagonal line of 5 cones partially blocks the lane (starting near the left edge and ending near the center). Farther down, a pedestrian crosses perpendicularly from the right edge to the left edge of the exit road.
